one of maybe even the all-time greatest
director the United States has ever
known
Martin Scorsese is another great movie
the Irishman and as you may know Martin
Scorsese has been getting some attention
for comments he made about Marvel movies
he said among other things that he
doesn't think those movies are cinema
which upset a lot of people and anyone
who knows me knows that though the one
thing I hate is to see people upset and
that's why I'm pleased to announce no
not just announced I'm pleased to bring
you the world premiere trailer for the
first ever collaboration between Marvel
and Martin Scorsese hello are you Frank
would you like to be history yes
only one of them is angry whatever you
need me to do I'm available they also
move in carpentry I never waited for
anyone who was
you've become part of a bigger universe
I'm here to talk to you about the
Avenger initiative
you want one open to the laugh
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it